[footsteps]
[GROZA] I can't believe I have
to head straight to White.
Not even a moment
to catch my breath.
That said...
the prince is there.
[GROZA laughs]
So it's not all that bad.
[BLUE CATS laughing, chirping]
[screams]
[BLUE CAT B screams]
[ADEL] Thank you for lending
your aid to our kingdom.
Words can't express
our gratitude.
I cast a single spell,
and then took my leave.
Your troops were brave,
but many lost their lives.
Our troops aren't all human.
Monsters make up our vanguard.
And well, to be quite frank...
Most are entirely in
the thrall of our king.
They live, die,
and kill at his whim.
This may be, but I
would imagine that
some of them wished
for peace just as we do.
I'll pray for them‐‐that their
souls may rest eternally.
My queen, I'm not sure that's‐‐
You're a font of compassion.
I offer my gratitude on
behalf of all my people.
Upon returning to
the Kingdom of Black,
I'll seek an audience with my
king at the soonest opportunity.
And ask him to end
this war for good.
[gasps]
What? But you said
your king is a madman.
I appreciate your concern. That
said, you inspired this move.
[PHIOUS gasps]
It was our conversation that
helped me steel my resolve.
[PHIOUS grunts]
You're correct.
The denizens of Black
don't want this war any more
than the people of White do.
If there's a chance that I
can help both our kingdoms,
I'll take it.
Ah. I see. [laughs]
You can't. The king kills
dissenters. It would be futile.
[ADEL] No need to worry. I'm
sure everything will work out.
Adel...
‐‐[door opens]
‐‐[ALL gasp]
[SCOUT A] Excuse me! Another
ship is coming from Black.
Truly?
[AIDE A] Well, my queen.
What shall we do?
[IRIS]
Show them inside.
‐‐[AIDE A] Your Grace.
‐‐[SCOUT A] Understood.
My greetings, Queen Iris.
I am Lady Groza.
Please forgive
my sudden arrival.
Sure. May we ask
what brings you to us?
[GROZA]
I bear a letter from my king.
His Majesty looks forward
to your response.
[IRIS grunts]
[gasps, sighs]
What is it, my queen?
He wishes to extend
the ceasefire's duration
until the damage Bahl
caused can be repaired.
[gasps] He wrote that?
Yes.
[ADEL gasping]
Well, that's a
pleasant surprise.
We have time. You can
face the king later.
Will you accept this?
[IRIS]
I will.
Respond to the King immediately.
We'll extend the truce.
Right. As you wish, my queen.
I'll have a fresh room prepared.
Though I fear you'll
have to wait some time.
Oh. Thanks.
In the meantime, would you
like me to show you around
the Kingdom of White a bit?
[gasps] That would be an honor.
I'd like nothing more.
Hold on. Queen Iris,
aren't you recovering?
[IRIS] No. Thanks to you,
I feel much better.
Well, if you're sure...
[IRIS]
I am.
And I think a bit of fresh air
could do me some good right now.
[giggles]
Huh? Ah!
Phious, Sheama. And Queen
Iris. Good to see ya!
Uh. Who are they?
They're our guests.
These people came all the way
from the Kingdom of Black.
They're from Black?
[whimpering]
Heh. Don't be scared.
We won't eat you, right?
Right.
[GROZA grumbles]
[GROZA]
Hm?
Okay. I guess some people
from the Kingdom of
Black can be nice.
That's right.
Tell me, Theo.
What're you doing here?
Oh! [panting]
[ALL]
Huh...?
[BLUE CATS whimpering]
I was just treating this
little guy's wounds.
[BLUE CAT A whines]
[gasps]
Theo, how'd you learn
to use magic like that?
Practice. Plus, I've gotten
lessons from Sheama.
Yeah. He has real talent.
If he works hard, he might even
come to surpass me one day.
What?
I thought you'd planned to
join the Knights of Light.
Yeah, but if I did that,
they'd have to demote
you to vice‐commander.
[PHIOUS]
Uh!
[ADEL laughs]
Sounds like you need
to watch your back,
Commander Phious.
[GROUP laughing]
[BLUE CATS chirping]
[THEO]
You guys be careful, okay?
Those critters sure
are well behaved here.
Unlike like the ones
in our kingdom.
[BLACK CATS]
Meow...
[MERCHANT A gasping]
[ADEL] Back home,
they're real trouble‐makers.
Yeah, but I've always thought
they were kinda cute.
Yeah.
[GROZA laughs]
[IRIS]
I'd like to see one.
[ADEL] No, cute is so not
the word for those things.
They're shady little rogues
with looks to match.
Oh, yeah? I feel like the same
could be said about you.
[SHEAMA]
Hmm... Fair point.
[THEO] Those dark clothes
are a little scary.
Where we're from, this
is how everyone dresses.
[ADEL laughs] Just noticed
that everyone up here
tends to wear a lot of white.
I guess we do.
[gasping]
I think your outfits are lovely!
I feel the same about yours!
They're quite elegant.
[GROZA] Heh! Say...
Why don't we try swapping?
Sure! Good idea.
That sounds like fun.
Wait, Sheama. Are you serious?
Hear me out...
[PHIOUS, ADEL]
Huh? Wait, you want us to what?
Why are we the ones doing this?
Lovely. You're like
the living symbols
of our kingdoms'
blossoming friendship!
Also, that's a good
look for ya, Phious.
[IRIS, GROZA grunt]
Yeah? You think so?
[ADEL]
Do you wanna try this?
No. But thanks.
[GROZA grunts]
Well, that means it's our turn.
Yes. Let's get to it.
[IRIS gasping]
This is so much fun already. Ha!
Uh?!
[GROZA]
Hmm...
I wonder which one of you
I should swap outfits with.
Huh?
[GROZA laughs]
Definitely you!
Um...
[IRIS]
I'm not sure...
[GROZA]
Hm?
I think you should do it.
Obviously we can't
allow a messenger
from Black to wear
Your Majesty's dress.
But it's no problem
if you wear hers.
[IRIS]
Right. But...
Ah, well then,
I guess I've no choice.
What are you‐‐?
[GROZA laughing]
Now, let's get you dressed.
[IRIS]
Uh...
Um. How do I look?
[GROZA gasps]
Be nice.
You look absolutely wonderful!
Heh! Do you mean it?
Thanks so much.
I'm glad you let me try it on!
Happy to do it!
Now let's get out there
and show the boys, okay?
Uh, that sounds a
bit embarrassing.
[GROZA grunts]
Well, in that case, why don't
you let me try it on next?
Of course. Then I could
try your outfit.
I think her dress will
suit you well, Groza.
Yes. I think so, too.
[door opens]
[ALL]
Hm?
Hey. It took you
three long enough.
What do you think?
I'd say the both of them
look quite ravishing.
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS]
Hm?
[ADEL grunts]
Yeah. I'll say.
[PHIOUS]
Mm‐hm. They look very nice.
Honestly, it's odd.
Seeing my clothes on somebody
else feels strange,
but it's also sort of fun.
Yeah.
Well... Which one
would you pick?
Huh?
What did you say?
[GROZA grunts]
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS]
Uh...
Um. They both look great.
Don't think I could rank them.
[GROZA laughs]
[laughing]
[ADEL]
What's wrong? Too shy to say?
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS]
No. I just‐‐ Shut up.
[THEO]
Hm?
[PHIOUS grunts] I'll beat you
next time. But I yield.
[GROZA grumbles]
[ADEL] Heh. You'd think
that a Knight Commander
would have a better
mind for strategy.
You might wanna do yourself
a favor and take a break.
Um. Perhaps we could‐‐?
No way. I'm not finished.
[GROZA chuckles]
[SHEAMA] Brother.
The sun is about to set.
Let's take the envoys
to their rooms.
Oh. All right, then.
We don't have to stop yet.
[GROUP]
Hm?
It's just... I'm having fun.
I don't get to
socialize that often.
This has been a rare treat.
Your Majesty.
I understand.
That's kinda your fault.
You could come over
and play anytime.
You're the Queen, right?
It's not that simple, Theo.
The Queen has great power,
but she also has her
duty to the kingdom.
[IRIS laughs]
Okay. What say we keep playin'
till your Knight Commander
manages to kick my butt?
Adel. You're speaking
to a queen.
Right. Apologies, Your Grace.
That's quite all right. There's
no need to stand on ceremony.
[stomach grumbles]
[IRIS gasping]
[stomach grumbling]
[ADEL laughs] It sounds like
you two are getting peckish.
Yeah.
Here's an idea. Why don't we
all have dinner together?
That sounds great!
The palace food was starting
to get a little boring.
I've never had a meal in White.
I'm excited to try
out your cuisine.
Sorry to disappoint,
but this'll be simple fare.
That said, I'll do my best.
[SHEAMA]
Hope you enjoy it.
[ALL laugh]
[ALL gasp]
[GROZA sniffs]
Wow. It smells delicious.
There's more bread
where this came from,
so take as much as you want.
Oh! I brought something
with me from home.
You should try it out.
It's called anchovy paste.
Um. So, is it a condiment?
It's all gooey.
I'd love to try it.
So what do you think of it?
How does our cuisine
measure up to yours?
This soup tastes the same
as the palace food.
Almost flavorless.
[IRIS]
Uh!
What? No way.
This soup's delicious!
You like this?
At the very least,
it needs more salt.
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS]
Mm‐hm.
Well, we're used
to stronger flavors.
Ah!
Have a taste and you'll
see what I mean.
Sure. I would love to.
Frankly... it doesn't
look great.
Agreed, but that doesn't
mean it'll taste bad.
I wanna try some!
That's powerful.
It's so salty.
You season your foods far
more heavily down in Black.
I don't like it!
Ah, tastes like home,
right, Groza?
I've barely been gone
and I miss it.
It's strange. Even our
foods are different.
That may be true, but if we
want our kingdoms to coexist,
then we should all try to
understand each other,
even when it comes
to things like this.
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS]
Mm.
[gasps]
[laughs]
Did you just mix those?
That's a great idea!
There's no way they
complement each other.
[ADEL]
Wow...
Believe it or not, the
combination tastes great.
[laughs]
Let's try it, then.
Sure.
[PHIOUS grunts]
I wanna try, too!
It's perfect!
So savory.
Yes. It's good.
Hey, sis. Gimme more!
That tasted amazing!
I can't believe
they paired so well.
Yeah, but we're not gonna
be able to taste this again
unless we come
back someday.
We cleaned out the whole jar.
Too bad. But tasty as
that anchovy soup was,
there's one dish
that's even better.
Yeah? Well, what is it?
Wild greens picked
by Queen Iris herself.
Huh?
He's right.
They're rather delicious.
Wild greens picked by the queen?
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS]
I've had wild greens before.
That said,
considering how your land is
constantly bathed in light,
I imagine the greens that
grow here taste much better.
Let's get some!
[GROUP]
Huh?
Let's all go out, and
pick greens together.
Lady Groza.
Are you having trouble
sleeping, too?
Yeah.
[grunts] What's the matter?
Would you like to talk about it?
I'm a decent listener.
It's the Queen of Light.
I guess I just realized
she's a regular person.
I know just how you feel.
I want you to know that you
will always have my support.
I mean it. I will see you
take the crown, my prince.
Thank you. Truly.
Now, forgive me, but I insist
that you get some sleep.
We need our prince healthy.
And you won't have fun
picking greens if you're tired.
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS]
You're right.
I'll go to bed soon.